Now, the mobile security framework is an open source framework, it's capable of performing and doing
security testing of mobile apps.
So let's go ahead and install mob in Akali.
So go to Cali over the Web browser.
Search for mobs have.
Now, open a GitHub page of Möbius have.
Scroll down a little bit.
OK, so here we will perform a static and dynamic analysis for Android, and this is the user interface
of the framework.
And of course, there's documentation here, so let's go ahead and open it.
So in this left hand, men, you click on requirements.
And here are your requirements for Linux.
So Kelly already has Gett and Python three.
Let's look at the versions, open up the terminal screen.
OK, first switch user to route run, get double dash version, OK?
And let's also look at Python three.
Great, so there's no problem, we just need to install open JDK.
So we'll copy this part and paste it.
Now, this package is not the updated one, so let's look at the open JDK packages to see the latest
version.
So we'll run Apte, search open JDK.
Yeah, so here there are 11, 13, 14 versions of Open JDK, and I'll show you, I'll just install the
latest version.
Wait for that to finish.
All right, so finally, let's copy these dependencies and run.
Woops, I guess a package name was changed, so I got to replace it with a new one.
OK, so I already have these dependencies, so let's continue with the installation.
So first, I'll clone the repository.
And wait for a bit.
All right, so we got the files changed directory to my BSF.
List of files.
All right, so now let's run set up, so run set up, not as H.
OK, installation complete.
So let's run Mob F with Rundstedt S.H..
All right, so it's already started after installation.
So when you want to open it later, you got to remember to run the run S.H. file under its directory.
So let's now go to this IP address in this port.
Write it in the browser.
All right, great, so it successfully installs.
Now, there are separate pages for dynamic analyzer and static analyzer.
So when we start analysis, we will upload an epic from here.